Welcome to our section on the dorm the document object model where we're going to show you the basics
to start interacting with the dorm.
Javascript is all about creating some dynamic interaction and when it comes to web pages this is where
the dorm rules you need to be able to access content within the dorm in order to update your HVM pages.
And we're going to show you exactly that how to interact with your HDMI elements by accessing values
and objects contained ready built within your browser when your browser loads up it reads through the
code and it builds a document object model basically a tree of information that's contained within your
web page.
So this is all of the elements that are contained within the age to meld page even down to every little
node.
So where the text is located attributes styles and a whole lot more.
So everything is contained within the dorm and Javascript can connect to the dorm pull those values
out select those elements and make updates to it.
And this is one of my favorite parts about javascript having the ability to update and make your web
pages really come to life.
And this really illustrates the power that Javascript has under the hood because Javascript can grab
all of that information and make use of it through code.
So that's creating dynamic content interactive content selecting and updating content manipulating what's
being output within each team.
And a whole lot more.
So this section is meant to introduce you to the dorm and what's available within the dorm.
So that coming up in the latter part of the course our content can be made more interesting and we can
make it more interactive and show you how to interact with it with your web pages using javascript and
you're going to learn about all the document object model and what it can do and how javascript can
be used to connect to those elements.
You can see what can be done with the dawn and using the dorm you can update elements even without refreshing
the web page.
So those elements get dynamically updated through javascript and they update immediately as what's being
presented for the web user.
So you're going to learn how to make that dynamic content interact and manipulate with elements all
done dynamically via javascript.
You can also see how all the different elements that update them and update the inner h to Mehl output
connect with your users and their input and get those values right back into your javascript code where
you can make use of them using your javascript.
You get those values from input fields and utilize that information in javascript create visual interactions
for your web visitors select elements and power them up just by using javascript.
So there's a lot that we're going to be covering in the next few lessons and this is going to be really
important to creating really nice interactions with your web pages.
And I do have to warn you there is a lot of information contained within the dorm so we're going to
be touching on it lightly within this section and in an upcoming section we're going to dive into more
detail as to what's contained within the dorm.
So this section is just a simple introduction to using the dorm and starting to access those elements
that are contained within your age to Mel page.